Analyze the provided Company Name ('SkillGenic Academy') and the context from the Job Description ('As a Full Stack Developer at SkillGenic Academy, you will have the exciting opportunity to work on cutting-edge projects that will shape the future of online education. We are looking for a highly skilled individual who is proficient in Next.js, React, and Node.js to join our dynamic team. Key Responsibilities: 1. Collaborate with cross-functional teams to design, develop, and implement new features for our online learning platform. 2. Write clean, efficient, and maintainable code that meets technical requirements and enhances user experience. 3. Stay up-to-date with the latest technologies and industry trends to continuously improve our platform. 4. Troubleshoot and debug issues to ensure seamless performance and functionality. 5. Optimize applications for maximum speed and scalability. 6. Conduct code reviews and provide constructive feedback to team members. 7. Participate in brainstorming sessions and contribute innovative ideas to enhance our platform's capabilities. If you are a passionate Full Stack Developer with a strong background in Next.js, React, and Node.js, and are eager to make a meaningful impact in the field of online education, we would love to hear from you. Join us at SkillGenic Academy and be a part of our mission to revolutionize learning through technology. Skill(s) required Next.js Node.js React Earn certifications in these skills Learn Node.JS Learn ReactJS Learn Web Development Learn Full Stack Development Learn Deep Learning Learn Data Structures & Algorithms Learn SQL for Data Analytics Learn Git & Github Learn Nodejs Salary Annual CTC: ₹ 3,00,000 - 6,00,000 /year Perks Informal dress code 5 days a week Free snacks & beverages Number of openings 3 About SkillGenic Academy Website SkillGenic Academy is an e-learning platform. It is created to develop leadership skills within the individuals. Courses at SkillGenic Academy are specially designed to develop practical skills as per the current industry trends. Unlike theoretical knowledge, we will be training individuals to gain the skills required by industry and help them land their dream job. Years of research helped us to identify and understand the graduate-employee skill gap in the industry. At SkillGenic, we keep up with the pace and impart a practical experience that encompasses all the latest concepts of the industry so that our students can effortlessly integrate into the assigned roles. Activity on Internshala Hiring since June 2020 496 opportunities posted 33 candidates hired '). Your goal is to generate a comprehensive yet concise research dossier tailored for a ('Full Stack Developer') role preparing for an interview at this specific company. Please gather information from reliable public sources (like the company's official website, reputable news outlets, financial reports if public). And do not add information that is half information like if url is not provided then do not add info related to the url, if something that is don’t know about company then do not add or give false informat. Add more points,values, etc. as per your understanding and I want json data to be more so add accordingly but not false information. Result should contain all sub modules and it is fixed : Company Overview, Mission & Culture, Target Market & Customers, Size & Structure, Leadership, Competitive Landscape, Recent News & Developments, Industry Trends, Funding/Financial Health. And give me output only in this JSON format only and this is JSON data of 'COMPANY RESEARCH' only:{'1':{title:'Company Overview',summary:'',details:[{point:'title of point can be short text or little long short text',value:['value1 can be text only','value2',..]},{point:''…},..]},'2':{title:'Mission & Culture',summary:'',details:[]}…}
